Yuma: Aw man, this is just my
luck!
I get my third
heart piece,
and then,
it won't fit!
Why me?
It's not like I swiped the
thing, I won it fair and square!
Tori: I don't know
what to say, yuma.
Hearts have a funny shape.
Maybe the piece you have isn't
the one you need to complete the
puzzle.
See, there could be
tons of combinations.
Tons?
So what are you saying?
I might have to win
a thousand pieces?
Astral: Not to
pile it on, but...
heart pieces are not the only
thing we are here to win if you
recall.
As you said, our main goal
entering the duel carnival is to
retrieve numbers cards.
When did I say that?
I never said that!
I want heart pieces!
I love heart pieces!
I need heart pieces!
I can't live
without Heart pieces!
Anna: Target acquired!
Goodbye yuma!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
look out!
Just missed him.
This augmented reality is
getting a little too
real if you ask me!
Augmented reality?
This is real, yuma!
One more time.
This way!
Come on!
Stay still, would ya?
Astral, whaddya see,
whaddya see?
From what I can tell,
you are under attack.
No joke, genius.
Quick Tori, this way!
Right!
You can run...
but you can't hide,
not from my hovercraft.
And we have liftoff!
There is no escape!
She's right behind us, yuma.
What are we gonna do?
I suggest running faster.
And now I... got ya!
Look out!
There, we made it.
There's no chance that
she'll find us way up here.
I wouldn't be so sure!
Any last words?
Cuz now's the time...
uh, you okay?
Quiet, I'm taking you out!
You know you have it coming!
Hold on,
why do I have it coming, I don't
even know you, you sure I'm the
one you want to blast?
Ha...
I'm absolutely sure,
I'd never forget you,
yuma tsukumo!
Hold on, is that you, Anna?
Anna?
Yeah, Anna kaboom from school,
don't ya remember?
She transferred
out two years ago.
Doesn't ring a bell.
So I'm easy to forget?
Is that what you're
suggesting, yuma?
No, no!
I remember now!
It's crystal clear!
I could never forget
someone So charming as you!
Wait, so why exactly are
you after yuma, Anna?
I'm after him because
I want to get my revenge!
Get your revenge?
Got that right!
For what he did
to me back then,
or, didn't do.
Huh?
You see?
Right there,
that's the problem!
You're completely
and totally oblivious!
Oh just shush!
I think I know
what's going on here...
you...
you never noticed me.
What do you mean, why
should I have noticed you?
I'll tell ya why!
Because I put glue on
the bottom of your shoes,
I scribbled notes all
over your duel disk,
I cut little holes
in your gym shorts.
I hid rocks in your duel fuel.
Really, you did all
those things to me?
Wow.
Ya know,
you'd really think
I'd remember all that.
You're telling me!
How could you not know I was
head over heels in love with
you?
That's why I was trying
to get your attention.
But nothing I did worked.
Then, I had to transfer
to another school!
I asked you to meet
me after class.
I waited and waited but
you never showed up.
That's when I
made a solemn vow.
I'll get you for this, yumaaaaa!
And now it's time for payback!
So get ready yuma tsukumo,
cause I'm here to collect!
Wait!
Just hold on a sec,
before you start
collectin' anything,
maybe there's another
way to teach me a lesson.
Ya know, by doing something
that'll really make me suffer.
Like beating me in a duel!
a duel, huh?
Yuma, Anna wants to blast
you, not duel with you.
She'll never go for it!
Works for me.
Let's do this.
It just so happens,
I've always known how
much you like dueling.
So I thought you
might suggest this!
At least he's safe for now.
However, if I win our match then
you have to become my boyfriend.
Cool?
No way you'll be winning,
so that's fine with me.
Yuma!
Alright, then let's get started!
Duel disk, extend and set!
Duel Gazer activate!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Now let's duel!
Human Love is such
a peculiar thing.
And packs such
serious firepower.
Ladies first in this match,
so here I go.
It's my draw!
For my first move, I'm
summoning rocket arrow express!
It's got 5000 attack points!
That train's gonna
derail my duel!
How was Anna able to summon such
a strong monster on her first
move?
This card can only be summoned
when I have no other cards on my
field.
So, since my field
was empty, voila!
However, to keep
this card out there,
I'll have to send five cards
from my hand to the graveyard
every turn.
Five cards every turn?
Aw, I don't know what you're up
to, but I don't like it one bit!
However, I can't attack on the
turn rocket arrow Express is
summoned, and when it's on the
field, I can't place any other
card facedown so...
I end my turn!
Which means you're up, yuma.
So bring it on!
Right!
Here I go!
I draw!
Yuma!
Rocket Arrow is too powerful
to take down this turn.
Right.
So I'll just set the
stage for Next turn then.
First up, I'm placing one
monster facedown in defense
mode.
Then I'll place another card
facedown and end my turn.
Playing hard to get, are you?
I'll fix that!
I draw!
I choose to discard zero cards,
which means rocket
arrow's wrecked!
Oh my...
next I'll place five cards
facedown and then,
end my turn.
What?
Why'd you get rid of that
super powerful monster?
Now you left yourself
totally defenseless?
I guess love does work
in mysterious ways.
Now come on yuma, and give me
your very best shot!
Alright, you want it,
you got it!
My turn!
I draw!
First up,
I summon gogogo giant!
Now gogogo giant
attacks you directly!
And if it hits, you'll be taking
2000 giant points of damage!
Now go!
Wait yuma, what about the five
facedown cards she has out?
I destroy all facedown
cards on my field!
Go on, get lost.
What?
And now I'm gonna summon to the
field snow plow hustle rustle!
I'm allowed to summon it when
you attack me directly, simply
by destroying all the spell and
trap cards that I have out on
the field!
But enough talk, let's
just plow ahead!
Whoa, 2500 attack points?
Gogogo giant, quick,
call off the attack!
Oh, you're not getting
off that easy yuma!
Snow Plow hustle rustle,
I'm activating your
special ability!
Now, you take 200 points of
damage for every spell and trap
card I destroyed to summon it.
So with five cards destroyed,
that's a thousand points!
Yuma!
A thousand down,
and 3000 points to go!
So Anna planned This move
from the very beginning?
That does seem to be the case.
Yes!
I'm so gonna win this
and then you'll be mine!
So let's hurry up
and finish this!
You must be careful yuma,
I have a hunch Anna is
setting up something big.
Uh-huh, I know.
I just hope we can
stop whatever it is.
What do I do?
I don't know, but I hope
you figure it out.
Moving on,
my draw!
And...
it's just the card I wanted.
Go special schedule!
Thanks to this spell card, I
have the green light to summon
one machine-Type monster With
3000 or more attack points from
my graveyard in defense mode!
So, all aboard!
Cuz Rocket arrow
express is now back!
and it's like I'm tied
to the tracks.
Two level 10 monsters?
This is not good.
I know in years past,
I could never get
your attention.
But I have a hunch
that this next move will!
I now overlay Level 10 rocket
arrow and hustle rustle!
And with This overlay network,
I can now summon...
an xyz monster!
Appear, superdreadnought
rail Cannon!
3000 attack points?
So this is what she has
been angling for.
But the best part of this
choo-Choo is the change it
undergoes when I
activate it's ability!
But don't take my word for it,
see for yourself!
Once per turn, by using one
overlay unit, you now take 2000
points of damage!
I gotta say, that
thing's pretty cool.
But it'd be a lot cooler
if it wasn't pointing at me!
Now, superdreadnought,
unload on yuma!
Go Cataclysmic Cannon kablooie!
Yeah, yippee!
I'm winning,
I'm winning, I'm winning!
There's just 1000 life points
left before you lose, yuma.
And once you've lost,
you know what that means.
For the rest of your life,
you're all mine!
So what do you say handsome?
Let's make that dream come True.
Go superdreadnought,
attack gogogo giant
and win this duel for me!
Watch out!
It's cool cuz I play
the trap card overlay Buster!
Now my monster Gains 500 attack
points until the end of battle!
Clever move, yuma!
So you survive this turn,
but I promise you
won't survive the next one!
Ya know I hate to admit it,
but with superdreadnought's
special ability, Anna may
just be right.
I have to take that train off
the tracks but with it hauling
3000 attack points,
it won't be easy.
Maybe not, but it is possible.
Then what are you
waiting for, tell me how!
I cannot just blurt it out.
At least, not without
a proper drum roll.
A drum roll?
I got it!
It's time to high five the sky!
Here we go,
draw!
First I summon zubaba Knight!
Zubaba Knight!
Next I summon rai Rider!
Then I overlay level 3 zubaba
Knight and rai Rider!
And now that I have, I can build
the overlay network and xyz
summon!
Now,
here's the drum roll
you asked for, astral.
Welcome temtempo
the percussion djinn!
Ha!
He's Only got
1000 defense points.
Yeah that's True,
but it's his special ability
that you should really be
worried about, Anna!
You see, when temtempo uses one
overlay unit, your xyz monster
loses all of its overlay units.
It does what?
And then, for every overlay unit
that was sent to the graveyard,
temtempo gains
500 attack points!
Told ya he could jam!
And jam up superdreadnought cuz
now you can't use it's ability!
Correct, and since temtem
tempo is in defense mode, we
will not take
battle damage either.
I now place two cards
facedown and end my turn!
But don't think you're
ending this duel!
Make all the moves you want
yuma, but I'm going to win you
yet!
You're not gonna beat me, yuma!
You can make all the moves you
want, but I'm still going to win
you yet!
It's my turn!
I draw!
And first up, I'm activating
the equip spell known as train
connection!
Now, by banishing two level
8-Or-Above machine-Type monsters
in my graveyard, I can equip
train connection on a
machine-Type monster and double
it's attack points so I can
really stay on track!
Yeah, I'll say!
6000 attack points?
Anna's really outdone
herself this time, astral.
And I do not even think
she is done yet.
And I've got more news, due to
train connection's effect, when
the equipped monster attacks a
monster in defense mode, if it's
attack points are greater than
your monster's defense points,
the difference is dealt
to you as damage.
Carry the one, subtract the
remainder, divide the square
root...
ah!
I'll take 5000 points of damage
if your attack gets through!
That's right, which
would mean that
the duel's over and
you're mine, sweet-Ums!
Aw, don't tell me that you're
gonna cry like that time before.
What time before?
Oh you remember.
When I took your card!
If you want your card back
yuma, you'll just have to come
up here with me!
But I'm afraid of heights.
C'mon, give it back!
I was just playing around with
you but then you started tearing
up.
C'mon, just toss it down
already, would ya?
Wait a sec...
but I'm not afraid of heights.
Well you were back then!
Was not!
I was only afraid of
spiders and the dark
and toes!
Guess I'll just have
to jog your memory
by Knocking some sense into you!
You're going down!
That is not a good
thing to hear.
Not when you only have a mere
500 life points remaining.
You are not helping astral!
Then again, if you had the right
facedown cards, that could be
great news.
This is it, yuma.
You're all mine.
Of course!
Go, superdreadnought
rail Cannon,
attack temtempo!
Oh no!
Bash that little drummer boy!
I don't think so!
I'm playing the trap gamshara!
With this card, my monster
Switches from defense mode to
attack mode!
Only 2200 attack points?
Come on, you know that's not
enough to beat superdreadnought!
I know that it's not, Anna.
That's why I'm playing
this next card too!
I activate the trap mirror mail!
Now, my monster's attack points
become the same as your
monster's attack points!
Alright yuma,
way to feel the flow!
No way!
Oh and another thing, thanks to
the trap card gamshara,
since your monster was
destroyed, you take damage equal
to it's attack points,
which is 6000!
Uh-Oh...
now,
do your thing gamshara!
And let Anna know what it's
like to be on the other end of a
Cannon blaster.
I did it!
No way...
I lost.
But how?
I'll tell ya how Anna, cuz ya
brought a giant Cannon to do a
job that a Lesser
monster could've done.
Kinda like how you went way
overboard trying to blast me
earlier, when all ya needed
to do was ask me to talk.
No!
Um, I don't know if it's the
right time to say this, but...
wasn't the person
you liked named
KUMO Tsuyuma rather
than yuma tsukumo?
Kumo tsuyuma?
Oh yeah, I totally remember him.
He was that kid who cried a
lot and was really afraid of
heights, right?
Well it's your fault
for having a similar name.
I hope that you've
learned your lesson.
Hey,
wait a second!
What about my heart piece?
Heart piece?
What's that?
It's what you give me
when you lose a duel!
Well tough, I don't have one.
Hold on, are you telling
me that you're not
even competing in
the duel carnival?
Please, I've never
even heard of it.
Well ya should've told me
that from the get go!
Aw man, what a
complete waste of time!
I had a hunch something was
fishy from the very start.
I mean why would a
girl ever like you?
Hey, I'm likable!
It is a shame to see
her go though.
Huh?
After all, those who duel for
love duel With great passion.
Oh yeah?
Well I'd love it if you keep
your theories to yourself.
Yuma tsukumo.
Cute.
I blame you for
that yuma tsukumo,
and I'll get my revenge!